Add ERC: ERC-721 Name Registry Extension (#292)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-9999.md

---

> eip: 9999

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eip: 7644
```
Assigning next sequential EIP/ERC/RIP number.
Numbering changed to sequential from 7500.

Please also update the filename.

title: ERC-721 Name Registry Extension
description: Add a Time-Limited unique naming registry mechanism to ERC-721 tokens. 
author: Chen Liaoyuan (@chenly)

> discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-9999-erc-721-name-registry-extension/19005

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discussions-to: [Please add link to topic in https://ethereum-magicians.org]
```
